wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\dist\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\dist\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\Theme\css\animate.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-switcher-design.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\brown.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\default-theme.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\dodgerblue.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\duchessblue.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\frenchgray.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\green.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\kellygreen.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\lightblue.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\maroon.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\red.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\scarlet.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\selectiveyellow.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\signalviolet.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\tealblue.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\telemagenta.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\flaticon.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\fontawesome-all.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_444444_256x240.png
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_555555_256x240.png
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_777620_256x240.html
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_777777_256x240.html
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_cc0000_256x240.html
wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.html
wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery-ui.min.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.fancybox.min.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.modal.min.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\mmenu.css
wwwroot\Theme\css\responsive.css
wwwroot\Theme\images\ImageNotFound.png
wwwroot\Theme\css\swiper.css
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.svg
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.ttf
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.woff
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.woff2
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400d41d.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.svg
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.ttf
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.woff
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.woff2
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400d41d.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.svg
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.ttf
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.woff
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.woff2
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900d41d.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.eot
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.svg
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.ttf
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.woff
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.woff2
wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticond41d.eot
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\7.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\8.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\9.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\5.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\6.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\7.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\boxed-bg\8.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\demos\1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\demos\2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\demos\3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\demos\4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\background\demos\5.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\Capture.PNG
wwwroot\Theme\images\CaptureWhite.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\CaptureWhiteOld.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\clients\1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\clients\2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\clients\3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\clients\4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\clients\5.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\favicon.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-7.html
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-8.html
wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-9.html
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\dotted-map.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\error.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\hex.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\icon-select.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\map-marker.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\page-loader-2.gif
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\page-loader-3.gif
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\page-loader-4.gif
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\page-loader.gif
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-10.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-11.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-12.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-5.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-6.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-8.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\pattern-9.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\paypal.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\shape-1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\sign.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\tick-2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\icons\tick.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-5.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-6.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-7.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-8.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo-9.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\logo.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\2-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\2-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\3-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\3-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\4-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\4-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\5-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\main-slider\5-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\MiniLogo.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\author-thumb.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\avatar-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\avatar-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\avatar-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-masonry-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\blog-single.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\cs-img.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\doctor-thumb.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\footer-img.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-1.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-10.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-11.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-12.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-3.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-4.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-7.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-8.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\image-9.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\instagram-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\news-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\news-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\news-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\news-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\news-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\post-img.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\post-thumb-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\post-thumb-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\post-thumb-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\10.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\11.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\12.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\7.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\8.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\9.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\cart-img.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\product-sinlge.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\product-thumb-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\product-thumb-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\products\product-thumb-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-10.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-11.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-12.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-7.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-8.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-9.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\service-single.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\signature.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-10.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-4.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-5.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-6.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-7.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-8.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\team-9.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\testi-thumb-1.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\testi-thumb-2.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\resource\testi-thumb-3.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\js\appear.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\color-settings.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\gsap.min.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\isotope.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.countdown.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.fancybox.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.modal.min.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\map-script.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\mixitup.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\mmenu.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\mmenu.polyfills.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\popper.min.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\script.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\ScrollTrigger.min.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\splitType.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\swiper.js
wwwroot\Theme\js\wow.js
wwwroot\Files\events\b106-y127-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\d65-logo_Asslam (1).png
wwwroot\Files\events\d66-IMG-20210616-WA0010.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\e124-31.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\e69-44.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\f138-p8-bc910f96ac56164cd7dc9a0cc1d7ed64.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\g102-IMG-20210616-WA0008.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\g83-OVR Dashboard.png
wwwroot\Files\events\h0-IMG-20210616-WA0009.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\h58-IMG-20210616-WA0010.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\j129-3.PNG
wwwroot\Files\events\m70-logo_Asslam.png
wwwroot\Files\events\n11-1.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\n48-3rd_3.PNG
wwwroot\Files\events\n87-IMG-20210616-WA0009.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\r31-IMG-20210616-WA0009.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\s12-36.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\t23-y127-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\events\v41-IMG-20210616-WA0010.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\c52-750-7507635_hr-advisory-services-human-resource-management-hd-png.png
wwwroot\Files\gallery\c76-download (2).jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\d119-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\d135-119049.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\d75-y127-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\e143-119049.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\l120-200804-r-herb-roasted-chicken.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\l78-264b9b50398a592e571064d7731c86e2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\logo heartection-1.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\p8-bc910f96ac56164cd7dc9a0cc1d7ed64.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\q42-Beef-Stroganoff_2-1-1.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\s78-119049.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\u1-download (3).jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\v139-download.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\v51-204-2046845_red-pepper-sliced-veggie-bread-loaf-class-whole.png
wwwroot\Files\gallery\y127-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\gallery\y20-ATyCHr.jpg
wwwroot\Files\LDs\d27-lunch1.PNG
wwwroot\Files\LDs\e124-31.jpg
wwwroot\Files\LDs\e69-44.jpg
wwwroot\Files\LDs\k39-lunch1.PNG
wwwroot\Files\LDs\n11-1.jpg
wwwroot\Files\LDs\s12-36.jpg
wwwroot\Files\LDs\t59-lunch1.PNG
wwwroot\Files\manage\k148-img (26).jpg
wwwroot\Files\manage\m51-204-2046845_red-pepper-sliced-veggie-bread-loaf-class-whole.png
wwwroot\Files\manage\w4-img(10).jpg
wwwroot\Files\manage\x28-119049.jpg
wwwroot\Files\news\1st_Template.PNG
wwwroot\Files\news\2nd_1.PNG
wwwroot\Files\news\d9-3rd_2.PNG
wwwroot\Files\offers\i9-6223001872931.jpg
wwwroot\Files\offers\l97-y20-ATyCHr.jpg
wwwroot\Files\offers\s18-p8-bc910f96ac56164cd7dc9a0cc1d7ed64.jpg
wwwroot\Files\offers\u145-y127-iced-coffee-recipes-XL-v2.jpg
wwwroot\Files\profile\b49-img (20).jpg
wwwroot\Files\profile\g88-img (20).jpg
wwwroot\Files\profile\i39-img (20).jpg
wwwroot\Files\profile\k78-img (20).jpg
wwwroot\Files\profile\n1-img (20).jpg
wwwroot\Files\quotes\c145-1.PNG
wwwroot\Files\quotes\r91-May 15th Photo.jpg
wwwroot\Files\quotes\i114-3rd_2.PNG
wwwroot\Files\quotes\o46-4th_template.PNG
wwwroot\Files\quotes\q130-3rd_3.PNG
wwwroot\Files\quotes\x53-83feb691a29617c059b507f3679ae0b8.png
wwwroot\Files\Reports\e121-13539_pay.pdf
wwwroot\Files\Reports\k101-IT-data-collection-sheet_feb_2021-.xlsx
wwwroot\Files\Reports\l61-asmaa_time_sheet.pdf
wwwroot\Files\Reports\m71-Sign-In-Sheet-Template-.docx
wwwroot\Files\Reports\n37-Final-Telephone-Directory.xlsx
wwwroot\Files\Reports\q32-asmaa_time_sheet.pdf
wwwroot\Files\Reports\w139-وزارة-الصحة-والسكان-المصرية---لقاح-فيروس-كورونا-المستجد.pdf
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\a148-g11-VID-20210106-WA0007.mp4
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\d123-BOOTEX.LOG
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\g11-VID-20210106-WA0007.mp4
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\n59-u90-a148-g11-VID-20210106-WA0007.mp4
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\q135-7 Strategies for Overcoming Resistance to Change.mp4
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\u130-g11-VID-20210106-WA0007.mp4
wwwroot\Files\UploadVideos\u90-a148-g11-VID-20210106-WA0007.mp4
wwwroot\Files\viewPDF.pdf
wwwroot\images\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\11.jpg
wwwroot\images\13.jpg
wwwroot\images\14.jpg
wwwroot\images\15.jpg
wwwroot\images\30.jpg
wwwroot\images\31.jpg
wwwroot\images\32.jpg
wwwroot\images\33.jpg
wwwroot\images\34.jpg
wwwroot\images\35.jpg
wwwroot\images\36.jpg
wwwroot\images\40.jpg
wwwroot\images\41.jpg
wwwroot\images\43.jpg
wwwroot\images\44.jpg
wwwroot\images\46.jpg
wwwroot\images\arrow-green.png
wwwroot\images\arrow-red.png
wwwroot\images\As-SalamLogo.png
wwwroot\images\As-SalamLogoc_s.png
wwwroot\images\As-SalamLogo_s.png
wwwroot\images\assih color code.jpg
wwwroot\images\banner\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\banner\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\banner\7.jpg
wwwroot\images\banner\9.png
wwwroot\images\bg01.jpg
wwwroot\images\bg02.jpg
wwwroot\images\Capturce.PNG
wwwroot\images\Capture.PNG
wwwroot\images\download.png
wwwroot\images\Editor\5c6fd6fa-ceb2-4241-8247-62bc9723ad8d.PNG
wwwroot\images\IMG_20180125_121931_edit option 2.jpg
wwwroot\images\logo ASSIH-01.png
wwwroot\images\logo Asslam.pdf
wwwroot\images\logo heartection-1.png
wwwroot\images\logo heartection-11.png
wwwroot\images\logo_en4.png
wwwroot\images\l_d1.jpg
wwwroot\images\l_d2.jpg
wwwroot\images\mist-logo.png
wwwroot\images\news.jpg
wwwroot\images\news_icon.png
wwwroot\images\no-person.png
wwwroot\images\org_chart_1.png
wwwroot\images\org_chart_2.png
wwwroot\images\pdf.gif
wwwroot\images\shortcut.jpg
wwwroot\images\Slide1.jpg
wwwroot\images\Slide3.jpg
wwwroot\images\Slide5.jpg
wwwroot\images\ZIC_8213-Pano_edit portf.jpg
wwwroot\Files\manage\c105-Picture3..jpg
wwwroot\Theme\images\NoPFP.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\ImageNotFound2.png
wwwroot\Theme\images\NoPFP.jpg
wwwroot\Theme\css\style.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\css\site.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\favicon.ico
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\js\site.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\dist\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\dist\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.slim.min.map
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\animate.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\bootstrap.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-switcher-design.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\brown.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\default-theme.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\dodgerblue.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\duchessblue.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\frenchgray.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\green.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\kellygreen.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\lightblue.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\maroon.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\red.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\scarlet.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\selectiveyellow.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\signalviolet.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\tealblue.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\color-themes\telemagenta.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\flaticon.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\fontawesome-all.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_777620_256x240.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_777777_256x240.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_cc0000_256x240.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\images\ui-icons_ffffff_256x240.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery-ui.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.fancybox.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\jquery.modal.min.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\mmenu.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\responsive.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\style.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\css\swiper.css
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-brands-400.svg
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-regular-400.svg
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\fonts\fa-solid-900.svg
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\fonts\Flaticon.svg
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-7.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-8.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\images\gallery\1-9.html
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\appear.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\bootstrap.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\color-settings.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\gsap.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\isotope.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.countdown.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.fancybox.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\jquery.modal.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\map-script.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\mixitup.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\mmenu.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\mmenu.polyfills.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\popper.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\script.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\ScrollTrigger.min.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\splitType.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\swiper.js
C:\MyFiles\Training\NewRepo\hrportalNew\wwwroot\Theme\js\wow.js
